# Employee Work Hours Monitoring Program

This Python program allows for the monitoring of the working hours of employees within a company.
The data provided as parameters originates from access points in an office building. 
Two types of gates may exist in the building for access. The first type saves all this data in a text or CSV file, following the same structure as the provided examples.
The second gate type sends real-time entrance and exit data to a server via the internet, using JSON format


Two types of gates may exist in the building for access:
- The first type saves all this data in a text or CSV file, following the same structure as the provided examples.
- The second gate type sends real-time entrance and exit data to a server via the internet, using JSON format.

Requirements:
- Python 3.x
- A MySQL database for user registration and data storage


Features
- User Registration Functionality: Administrators can register users, and the user details are stored in a database table, including ID, Firstname, Lastname, Company, Manager ID and Email.
User details are sent via a request containing all necessary information.

- Gate Type 1 - Batch Data Import: Files generated by the first type of gate are uploaded to a folder named "intrari" within the project.
The program reads each file in that directory, loads the data into the "access" table in the database, and then moves the file to a directory named "backup_intrari".
File names are in the format "Poarta[numar_poarta].[tip_fisier]" (e.g., Poarta1.csv). The gate's name for each entry is also saved in the database. The program continuously monitors the "intrari" folder for new files.

- Gate Type 2 - Real-time Data Endpoint: The program features an endpoint that receives a JSON parameter with the following format and saves it in the database:

  {
    "data": "2023-05-21T13:49:51.141Z",
    "sens": "in",
    "idPersoana": 10,
    "idPoarta": 3
  }

- Daily Work Hours Calculation: A daily scheduled task runs after 20:00 hours,
calculating the number of hours worked by each employee based on recorded entries and exits at the gates.
An email is sent to the respective manager for each employee who hasn't worked for a full 8 hours in a day.
